See how you can use Knox Manage dynamic group syntax
which allows you to define complex conditions for automatic membership for your groups!
Go to 'Knox Manage' from the left navigation pane.
Go to 'Groups' where you manage device and user collections.
Click 'Create Group'.
Enter a name for your group.
Select if your group is a User or Device group.
Select 'Dynamic' membership so the group is automatically populated based on rules.
Click 'Next' to move to rule definitions.
Switch to syntax mode by clicking 'Change to syntax mode'. Simple mode limits you to 5 conditions, while Syntax mode lets you write
MVEL-based expressions and use advanced properties that are not available on simple mode. Note that Knox Manage Expression
Language doesn't support all functionalities offered by MVEL.
Click 'CHANGE' to confirm the switch.
In the expression editor, enter your rule conditions. For example, combine device status, enrollment type, platform, and a security
property to check whether the device is password compliant, all in a single expression. The editor supports multiline expressions up to
1,000 characters, allowing you to define complex rules for controlled device targeting.
Then, you can click "Preview devices" to see which devices will be added to your group based on your conditions.
Enable the option to automatically push assigned resources to devices that are added to the group.
Click 'Create' to create your new dynamic group.
Your dynamic group is ready, automatically adding matching devices and pushing assigned profiles and apps instantly. To learn more about
Knox Manage dynamic groups, see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com. Thanks for watching!